in the early hours of the morning
thousands of people flocked to alrashed
Road Southwest of Gaza City desperate
for
Aid instead survivors say they walked
into a
trap by the time the sun rose the extent
of the horror was clear the dead and the
dying lying side by side gunned down by
Israeli
[Music]
fire the Israelis just opened random
Fire on us as if it was trap once we
approached the a trucks the Israeli
tanks and warplanes started firing on us
if this continues like this we do not
want any Aid delivered at all every
Convoy coming means another
Massacre instead of Aid they've come
away with the
dead by Donkey CAU car and makeshift
stretches the wounded are taken to
nearby hospitals all of which are
overwhelmed and barely functioned
this is exactly what we have been
warning about the hospital being out of
service amid this massive influx of
patients we are operating on batteries
most of our victims are in critical
condition which requires urgent surgical
intervention but the hospital is without
operating rooms I stand helpless we are
simply administering first aid treatment
only one of the survivors says bodies
are still lying on the streets where
they were gunned
down as soon as the eight trucks entered
the Israel started shelling and shooting
everyone who is on the road they opened
fire randomly killing innocent men and
women in Cold Blood there was gunfire
snipers shooting tanks shelling and
drones Palestinians are left with few
options starve to death slowly or risk
losing their lives collecting Aid m
lapple El jaer